Restructure Pulling in Native Checkout for SPM (#882)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## unreleased
* BraintreePayPalNativeCheckout (BETA)

>   * Update Package.swift to use binary dependency of `PayPalCheckout` and pulling in the `PayPalCheckout.xcframework.zip` from the `PayPalCheckout` release directly

Reviewer: Take it or leaving wording nitpick - 
```suggestion
  * Update Package.swift to fetch `PayPalCheckout` binary dependency directly instead of hosting copy in `braintree_ios` repo
```
